♪
[waterfall]
Hm?
Orochimaru...!
Hm? I wonder what that was?
Could it be a
kitty cat...?
Oh well...
[splashing]
[chuckle] Just look at that!
Hmmm...
(Jiraiya)
Boobs.  So many boobs.
This is awesome!
(Orochimaru)
Is this what you
called me here for?
...I'm leaving.
Shh! Hey, come on! Don't
talk so loud, would ya?
[chuckle]
You wanna look? Oooh! There are
lots of butts in there, too!
(Jiraiya)
[giggling]... Yes!
Hey, Orochimaru!
...Orochimaru?
You pervy brat!
[grunt]
(Jiraiya)
[screaming]
Hot water!? Come on! Why!?
[dogs howling]
(Jiraiya)
All right, here's the plan...
You'll disguise yourself and
attack Tsunade.
And then I'll swoop in just in
the nick of time and "save" her
...by chasing you away!
And that's when Tsunade will say
something like "Oh, thanks!
You're so amazing, Jiraiya!"
But what's the point
of doing all this?
I don't get it.
(JIraiya)
It has deep significance to me.
It has very deep significance.
She's close.
Huh?
(Tsunade)
Damn it! If only I'd
folded back then!
Nah& gambling isn't that simple&
I bet that it was just that&
Yeah, probably&
[meow0
I'm almost entirely
sure of it...
It must have been the snap&
the way the dice rolled.
That's it... that's
the moment...
It's what seals your fate about
whether you win or lose.
Yeah, the snap&
Huh?!  Who are you?
I'm in a really bad
mood right now.
If you try anything&
I'll kill you!
[gasp]
[attack cry]
[shouting]
Oh, no!  Tsunade!  What
happened?!  Are you okay?!
Listen, everything will be fine!
I'm here now, and, uh...
Huh? Huh...?
...don't worry?
Now... okay...
(Tsunade)
Huh? What're you doing
here, Jiraiya?
[gasp]
Oh, actually, I, Uh... I mean...
You see, you're, uh... You're,
uh, looking& awfully sexy...
tonight.
That's it, Jiraiya.
I'm leaving.
[nervous laugh]
Oh, boy.  Just what are the two
of you up to this time?!
[nervous laugh]
Uh, yeah.
[fire crackling]
(Tsunade)
It gets so cold here
when night falls&
Well... I doubt that they're
going to attack us tonight...
Hey, you know what? I
have an idea:
why don't the three of us talk
about our dreams tonight?
(Orochimaru)
Dreams..?
Yeah! I mean, if you even have
any dreams at all, that is&
(Tsunade)
I assumed all you ever thought
about was lewd stuff, Jiraiya!
But it is an interesting
topic for you to bring up.
(Jiraiya)
Well, then... let's start
with you, Tsunade.
Start with me?
Well, all right, then! I want to
see the whole world, all four
corners of it!
(Jiraiya)
The world, huh?! Now
that is a bold dream!
[chuckle]
And I'm gonna win big in every
casino out there!
Now, you! What's your
dream, Jiraiya?
Let's see. I guess my dream is&
Well, maybe my dream could be...
to protect you during your
travels.
No thanks.
[nervous grunt]
[fire crackling]
Orochimaru!  Your turn!
Open up and talk about yourself
for a change!
(Orochimaru)
Dreams...
I don't have any.
(Jiraiya)
[laughs] You sure are
one boring guy!
(Tsunade)
Oh, leave him be! To each
his own, I say.
(Tsunade)
Besides, some things we want
to keep to ourselves-
To master ninjutsu.
And become stronger than anyone.
(Jiraiya)
Oh? Yeah? For what purpose?
For what purpose?
[chuckle] Well, actually...
I've never thought about why...
Of course not! [chuckle] That
is just so like you!
You speak as if you know me.
Oh!  Wait, I know!  Wouldn't it
be great to write about what we
see and hear...
...on our travels, Tsunade?
You can just go by yourself.
Sure, but that would be
so... very...
...lonely.
[grunt]
[attack yell]
[laugh]
[attack grunt]
[screaming]
(Jiraiya)
They're coming one
after another!
(Orochimaru)
Yes!
(Tsunade)
I'll pulverize them!
[fighting grunts and groans]
Oh, that's right.
This is the last one.
Thank you for the food.
Huh. I think I've mastered
simmered dishes...
Guess I'll try meuniere next...
[weary sigh]
I'm off.
[birds chirping]
[crowd chatter]
(Kid)
Dad! Dad! Please?
(Father)
Oh, alright. Why not?
(Kid)
[cheering]
(Man)
This place is great!
(cook)
Another order of
ramen over here!
[attack grunt]
[fighting grunts]
[small chuckle]
(Third Hokage)
Kakashi, you're terrific!
If I let my guard down even a
moment, I think you'd win!
(Kakashi)
Thank you.
Kakashi's amazing, isn't he?
Well, his dad's a genius, so
even without training he
probably still has skills that
he inherited.
Anyway, since I'm from the
Uchiha Clan, I'll just keep on
doing my best.
I'll bet you that secretly he's
probably a closet pervert.
Hm?
You were great, Kakashi!
You think so?
Do you train all the time?
Seriously, you're amazing!
Not really& I mostly just
spend time reading.
[school bell chimes]
Hm.
Huh, alright.
Kakashi... really is
kind of amazing...
[gasp]
That's incredible& Kakashi, you
really are amazing!
Come on out. I made plenty&
...so you might as well
stay and eat.
[gasp] You caught me!
I'm so sorry&
Huh?!
(Obito)
Woah!
(Rin)
So Kakashi, you live
here by yourself?
Hey, you know, that whole
"whoosh-whoosh" fishing thing
you do is really incredible,
Kakashi.
Yeah! That "whoosh
-whoosh&" is amazing.
You think so?
(Obito)
What presentation!
(Rin)
So... what is it, Kakashi?
(Kakashi)
River fish meuniere...
Kakashi-style.
(All)
Thank you for the food!
Kakashi! This dish... is so
delicious!
It's like something
from a restaurant.
Yeah, this is great!
You're amazing at this, too!
You think so?
When you're older do you think
that you'll become a chef?
Huh?!  No, I doubt that!
I guess not, huh?
[laughter]
I'm off!
Hey, Kakashi!
Yeah&?
The food you made for us
last night was really great!
I mean, no joke! It
was really delicious!
Hey... are you listening?
Yeah&
Hey, speaking of food, that
place is really good.
Hey, hold up! Let's
go there next time.
Yeah...
(Guy)
Kakashi!  Join me...!
In the Springtime of youth!
The what now?
You are my eternal rival!
My man of fate!
Huh?
Come on and fight me!
Sorry, but I'll pass.
[grunt] Let's go!
[attack grunts]
Wow, instant kill&
Amazing, just amazing!
Good!  My eternal rival is
nothing if not amazing!
I'm home.
Oh, yeah...
It's tomorrow.
I'm off.
Father...
You broke the rules for the sake
of your friends, right?
I've started to make
friends, too... but...
I'll never let myself
be like you, Dad.
I'll obey the rules.
All right, dad... I'll
see you later.
I'm off.
Morning! Are you feeling better?
You were absent yesterday, and
frankly, it's no fun when you're
not around, Kakashi!
You think so?
All right, Kakashi!  I may have
lost to you last time& But that
was the Might Guy of the past.
And the newly-reborn Might Guy
is not going to lose to you ever
again!
Your face is still all swollen.
Of course! The springtime of
youth& will never end!
The springtime of youth&
Now, let's do this!
-Whoa!
-Kakashi!
[fighting grunts]
Wow! Guy's actually keeping up!
Hm?
Kakashi! You can do it!
Huh? Yeah! Get him, Kakashi!
[fighting grunts]
(Guy)
Never... wane!
(Kakashi)
You might be right!
(Rin, Kakashi, Obito)
The End!
♪
(Naruto)
The next episode's all
about Sasuke!
(Sasuke)
After the battle where I fought
Naruto and after the Fourth
Great Ninja War
... I went on a journey to
atone for my sins.
The Sharingan in my right eye
and the Rinnegan in my left.
The future reflected in these
eyes that once stared into
darkness.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden:
"Sasuke's Story: Sunrise, Part
1: The Exploding Human."
(Sasuke)
This is a story... about
my atonement.
♪